feat(chronicle-sink): add support for compression to Google Chronicle sink (#21272)
vectordotdev/vector: changelog.d/chronicle_compression_support.enhancement.md

> Add compression support to the Chronicle log sink
> Only GZip compression is documented as being supported - https://cloud.google.com/chronicle/docs/reference/ingestion-api#frequently_asked_questions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add Gzip compression support to the`gcp_chronicle_unstructured` sink. See official documentation [here](https://cloud.google.com/chronicle/docs/reference/ingestion-api#frequently_asked_questions).
```
